Okay.
Now we learned a bunch of different concepts.
We learned about different tools, we learned about different panels.
And you're probably thinking, Daniel, I just want to kind of get started.
I want to jump in and trust me, I truly believe you.
And that's what we're going to do right now.
We're going to build a very, very quick learning hero section just to test out what we just learned.
Now, I have a couple of images that I dropped into here.
The easiest way to drop in an image is to either if you go in here, you can place an image which is
like literally it is uploading an image from your desktop or a file folder over here.
You can even get these images through a plug in.
And we're going to learn about how to use that in different lessons in the future.
But I have these images here and I make them available for you and you'll be able to use them in your
file.
I really encourage you either to follow along and try to recreate what I'm doing or just try and do
your own thing.
I mean, it's just for fun.
It's just to get used to the program before we actually jump in and start doing some more complex things.
So let's do it.
So one thing that we didn't necessarily go over really quickly was the grid and auto layout.
So the layout grid is really important for laying out things on your frame.
And so if I select the frame, I'll notice in the Design Properties panel, I'm just going to click
layout grid and this little grid comes up and that's not what we're going to use.
That's more for creating icons.
But if I click on that grid and I click columns, that's what we want.
So just follow along and I'll teach you how to create better grids in the future.
We're just going to set the count to 12.
We're going to set the margin to 100.
Your margin is your side on the left and right, and we're going to set our gutter to 32.
So let's just stick with that for now.
But this is going to be our guide.
Now this isn't going to show up in the final designs.
You can toggle these on and off if you go to your view section here.
You can show your grids, you have your pixel grid, which we have shown, but your layout grid now
this is my shortcut which is controlled.
G So if I click control.
G It's going to toggle it on and off, and that's just there for you to use for your guide.
It's not going to show up in your final designs, like I said, but we're going to do that and I'm just
going to place this here and we can scale this image any which way we want, so we'll just place that
there for now.
Now we're going to do is we're going to create a company page, we're going to create some shapes.
So I'm going to select my rectangle tool.
I'm going to go up here.
I'm just going to select my rectangle tool like that.
Let's zoom in.
And let's give it a fill of say like.
Like a read like that.
And now what I'm going to do is I'm going to maybe create another shape.
So I have polygon.
This is my triangle.
And let's give that another color.
Maybe like a yellow.
Bring that over here and I'm going to select my circle shape.
And make a circle.
And make this one maybe like blue.
And there we go.
So we kind of have like these shapes.
I'm going to actually use them as my logo.
So I'm going to just like rotate this any which way I want circles, obviously.
Fine.
We'll just keep these together.
So we have our little logo here and if we wanted to, we can group these.
So if I right click.
I can go in here and group this selection so I can easily move that any which way I want.
It's going to be on my grid.
It's going to be at the top.
Perfect.
So I'm going to create like a consultancy website, hero page.
Look at these people.
They're talking about something really important.
Let's get some text.
So I'm going to write T, I'm just going to drag.
And so I have some text.
So let's write Transforming the way or organizations
define design and build software.
And if I select it all, I can go over here and change the font.
Now, a really nice font I like is Merriweather.
I'm going to change the font weight.
And keep it to regular.
We can even change the font size.
That's going to be fine.
These different options here.
So I'd like to do is I'll just do an auto height.
So that's based off of how many lines of text you have.
So I'm going to do that.
And I'm going to let that go all the way.
Or we can just do something.
There we go.
So it's going to take up five columns and my image is going to take up.
Seven.
So that's looking really good.
What else I'm going to do is I'm going to make another text.
And we're going to write some more copy.
We connect strategy.
Now I have all this text prepared.
And.
You can either just like redesign somebody's landing page for this little test.
That's what I'm kind of doing.
So data services.
What else do we have here?
To bring your organization's
most valuable, software driven experiences to life.
Now I'm going to select this all with command, and I'm going to make this a different font.
Let's do something like Open Sans.
That's nice.
And we're going to bring that down.
14 is a little too small.
We can go up a little bit.
18 is fine and we'll keep it on regular.
And once again, I'm just going to make it auto height and it's going to be the same width if we wanted
to.
We can even bring that in a little bit more.
And what we're going to do next is we are going to make a button.
Now, the way I like making buttons is I like making them within a frame.
So you can put frames within frames.
Like I have a frame tool selected right now and I can make a frame and I can make another frame if I
wanted to.
So this is my button.
You can't really see it right now, and I'm just going to put it right here, but I'm going to fill
it.
I'm going to fill that frame with my team colors.
So let's say black.
Uh, no.
Let's do blue.
There's my button.
And inside my button, I'm going to select a text tool, and I'm going to select inside that frame.
And if you notice inside my layers, my text will go underneath my frame.
So now we have kind of this layer within a layer here.
So I'm going to say let's do learn more.
So I'm going to select all of that.
I'm going to select the fill and let's do white.
I'm also going to set that to centered and I'm going to make sure that it's auto width.
So that means it's going to grow with the actual width of the copy inside.
So I'm going to select that text again.
I'm just going to center it within this frame.
Now, this is where things get a little bit interesting.
Now I'm going to set this frame.
And what you can do is you can do this in two ways.
We're going to rename this to Button first.
You can do this in two ways.
You can select your text and you can go to your constraints.
Remember what I said about having something within a frame?
Resize easily.
You can send it to center and center and every time you move your frame it's just going to move.
If you set it to left and right, what's going to happen is it's going to shrink because it's only the
size of the text.
So that means you would need to expand the text.
Now I'm holding option here while I'm expanding it all the way to each side.
Now, if I go back and I send it back to center, that's one way to make a big button and we can round
the corners on that.
So I said It's a five.
And clicked enter to confirm that and I'm going to hide my grid.
It's controlled g for me.
So I have a nice button, but if I wanted to do, say, an auto layout.
I can click this little auto layout while I'm selecting the button frame.
Click that.
And what it's going to do is if I have two or more items within this frame, it's going to automatically
lay it out in a horizontal direction.
So if I say copy this and paste it, it will be automatically added and it will grow the entire frame.
You'll see that the space between is ten.
If I make it say something like 24, it's going to grow.
If I make the space around, you can make that over here.
So this is your top and your bottom, your left and your right and where it is within this actual frame.
So everything is to the left and the right.
So your auto layout right now is these are kind of like your constraints of your auto layout, all the
content.
I want them to be centered to the middle in this case.
Right now they're packed together, but you can also have space between.
So if I select this frame and I scale it, they're going to be to the left and the right in this case,
or top to the bottom if there's positioned vertically.
So let's remove all this.
I'm going to command Z all the way back, but we're going to keep the auto layout.
Mm hmm.
And what we're going to do is we're going to set this can be set to zero, because we only have one
thing in here.
We're going to go in here.
We're going to set this to the center.
We're going to do 16 for the top.
16 for the bottom.
We're going to have space of 40 on the left and space of 48 right, and that's perfect.
So it's packed in there and we are going to set the constraints.
So if it's hug contents, that means it's going to not grow when I move it left or right.
So if I select this frame.
And move it left or right.
Those things are not going to grow.
So let's make this a little bit smaller.
So I don't want that to grow.
I just want to stick it to the left and the right.
Perfect.
But I want all these to be in their own frame as well so we can do that.
So I'm going to select them all and I'm going to put them in a frame.
Now, there's a couple of ways we can do this.
If I right click, I can go to frame selection and the shorthand for that is Option Command and G.
So now they're all in their own frame.
So I'm going to rename that content.
And here I'm going to go to auto layout again.
And I'm going to position them apart.
16.
Let's make it 24, a little bit more space, maybe 24.
And what I'm going to do is.
I'm going to leave everything like that.
That's perfect.
The constraints I'm going to put fixed and I'm going to make sure that it's going to scale left and
right.
We can leave it to hugging content because if I add, say more text at the bottom, so I'm going to
command C, command V, this frame is going to grow and this is great for adding content.
Like if you have lists and you want to constantly add new items to your list, you can do that with
something like auto layout.
It's really great for growing lists or shrinking things, awesome especially for content like this.
If I wanted to say add more content, everything's going to grow the more I type.
Okay, so now that we have that set up, it's going to be left and right.
And if we go back to our frame.
Now that is going to shrink once we set the content within.
So the content within is right now is a fixed width.
But if I do fill to container and this one is filled to container, so it's going to go all the way
to the edge.
Let's see how everything moves.
So now it's automatically responsive.
Now that is pretty wild for me.
I love that.
That about figma.
Perfect.
So we have that built out.
The image is very similar.
What I'm going to do is I'm just going to select that.
I'm going to do left and right.
We're actually going to bring this image in.
Let's overlay it.
And we can do something like this.
And we can make the image left and right.
We'll make this left and right, and you can start seeing how this plays nicely together.
So we kind of have like our own responsive.
A little design, really cool stuff.
Next we're going to do is I'm going to select the text layer again.
And I'm going to have some navigation options.
I'm going to have home on a command C, command v.
I have a about.
I have services.
I have case studies.
And the last one, I have contact.
So these are all my options.
And I can do that same thing.
I can right click in while I select all of them, frame that selection.
We committed to an auto layout and we can space them any which way we want.
And I'm just going to put them all the way on to the right for now.
In center it.
If I select all these, I'm going to go up here and I'm just going to center them on that vertical axis.
And now we kind of have our header really cool stuff here.
So this button, let's talk about quickly components.
So now we have this button that I want to reuse, say through the website as our primary.
What I can do is I can create a component out of it by clicking that button up there and I can rename
this component to primary.
Now I'm going to go into my prototypes and I'm going to want to use that primary.
So I'm gonna go into my assets tab.
It's on desktop right now, and now I can reuse that primary button that we just created.
I'm holding down option while I'm dragging it.
Option and shift is going to let me drag it while keeping it on the on the same vertical axis.
You can space that and snap it to grid and we can modify this and create different variations of that
primary button if we wanted to.
But this primary button.
Is reusable now, so I'm going to delete those and go back.
So as you can see with what we learned, we could easily create a little web page.
We created some shapes here.
We learned how to use our text layers.
We learned how to create components with buttons.
We had images, constraints, creating a responsive website, using frames, and using the new auto
layout feature that Figma had just released.
And we were easily able to create something that looks really great.
So let's toggle that grid.
So I have control.
G Let's toggle that and that looks really, really nice.
It looks really professional, and now you're ready to go.
If you have any questions, don't hesitate to reach out to me and I'll get back to you really quickly.